feat(v4): pagination mode (#3602)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/api-reference/core/hooks/useTable/index.md

## Pagination

> `useTable` has a pagination feature. The pagination is done by using the `current` and `pageSize` props of `pagination`. The `current` is the current page and the `pageSize` is the number of records per page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useTable` has a pagination feature. The pagination is done by passing `current` and `pageSize` keys to `pagination` object. The `current` is the current page and the `pageSize` is the number of records per page.
```

It also syncs the pagination state with the URL if you enable the [`syncWithLocation`](#syncwithlocation).

By default, the `current` is 1 and the `pageSize` is 10. You can change default values by passing the `pagination.current` and `pagination.pageSize` props to the `useTable` hook.

You can also change the `current` and `pageSize` values by using the `setCurrent` and `setPageSize` functions that are returned by the `useTable` hook. Every change will trigger a new fetch.

> If you want to handle the pagination on client-side, you can pass the `pagination.mode` prop to the `useTable` hook and set it to `"client"`.

Reviewer: Should it be "off"?
